EDUCATION
Sardar Patel Institute of Technology
Graduating in May 2027
B.Tech, Computer Engineering
PROJECTS
+91 9321677477       |  
aishanis1234@gmail.com     |
github.com/aishan1singh
AISHANI SINGH
Minor in UI/UX Design Programme by Pearl Academy
GPA : 8.3 (till 3rd Semester)
Mumbai, IN
Flood Risk Prediction Model (Machine Learning Mini-Project)
November, 2024
Designed an ML model leveraging machine learning and real-time weather data to predict flood
risks.
Dealt with cleaning and processing of historical flood data, meteorological data, and elevation data
to enhance model accuracy
Implemented various ML models like random forest, regression, neural networks, etc. to get an
accuracy of up to 95%.
Deployed the model using Google Colab for testing and analysis, ensuring accessibility and ease of
use
Python, Machine Learning
Napflix -  A Streaming Platform (DBMS Mini-Project)
Python, SQL, Javascript
December, 2024
Designed and optimized a SQL database for efficient content storage, user authentication, and
streaming history.
Implemented a login system incorporating hashed password storage to protect user credentials
from security threats like SQL injection 
Optimized database queries and server responses for efficient data retrieval and seamless
streaming.
Developed an interactive front-end with JavaScript and a secure back-end using Python and SQL.
SheFunds -  A Financial Literacy Platform for Women (Front-end Project)
March, 2025
Javascript
Won best solution for problem statement in BBB-Frontend Hackathon at SPIT
Developed a responsive front-end using React.js and Tailwind CSS, ensuring a seamless user
experience across devices.
Designed interactive UI components to present core features like financial learning modules,
financial calculators, community posts, literacy courses, etc.
Focused on user-centric design to empower women with easy access to financial resources, tools,
and mentorship programs.
Optimized for accessibility and performance, ensuring the website loads quickly and is usable by all
audiences.

Handled social media page, marketing deals, volunteering for social work
Former sub-committee member at Rotaract Club of SPIT
Mentoring of school children at Abhyudaya SPJIMR
September, 2023 - August, 2024
January, 2025 - Present
VOLUNTEERING WORK
SKILLS
Programming Languages
C, C++, Java, Python, SQL, HTML, CSS, Javascript
Web Design Tools
Bootstrap, Figma, Canva, Blender, Sculptris
Databases
MySQL, MongoDB
Developer Tools
Visual Studio Code, Colab, Git
ACHIEVEMENTS
Won best solution for problem statement for the SheFunds project mentioned above
at the Blossom Bubbles and Bytes Hackathon held at S.P.I.T. College 
March,2025

